Exemplify more Carpentries-relevant code style tools (#698)
swcarpentry/git-novice: _episodes/09-conflict.md

- Discuss what order tasks should be carried out in with your collaborators so
  that tasks expected to change the same lines won't be worked on simultaneously
- If the conflicts are stylistic churn (e.g. tabs vs. spaces), establish a
  project convention that is governing, use code style tools (e.g.
  `styleR` or `Code > Reformat` in RStudio,

>   or [`pep8` in Python](https://swcarpentry.github.io/python-novice-gapminder/18-style/index.html#follow-standard-python-style-in-your-code),

Reviewer: Since this particular section in the gapminder lesson mentions the google style guide for Python, it might be worth mentioning here too.

Author: This is a good point, because the Google style guide recommends to use the "[yapf](https://github.com/google/yapf/) auto-formatter". So, I suggest we either add a link to it to [python-novice-gapminder/18-style](https://github.com/swcarpentry/python-novice-gapminder/blob/gh-pages/_episodes/18-style.md#follow-standard-python-style-in-your-code), or don't mention either one here.

>   or [the tools listed in our Python lesson](https://swcarpentry.github.io/python-novice-gapminder/18-style/index.html#follow-standard-python-style-in-your-code),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or `pep8` or `the google style guide`, which are mentioned [in our Python lesson](https://swcarpentry.github.io/python-novice-gapminder/18-style/index.html#follow-standard-python-style-in-your-code),
```

Reviewer: I think it is better to explicitly list style guides like pep8 and the google style guide here. This change forces learners to click on the link to learn what Python style tools might be available to them, and I think that's not a good practice for the lesson.

Author: Let's agree to disagree on this, again. I don't think avoiding-at-all-costs for learners or instructors to click on a link (only if they want to; not "forced"!), read elsewhere, then browse back to the lesson is worth:

1. mixing tools and guides,
1. duplicating names here that are less relevant than the link itself, and
1. setting future maintainers up for needing to fix a mismatch of those names, if they ever update one side of this link.

I'll not invest any more time in this. Feel free to modify the PR as you find best. I'll focus on preparing to teach a workshop.

Reviewer: I agree that this will add some maintainer burden regarding your point (3), which does concern me. However, I think it's worth ensuring that the learner experience is smooth rather than that the maintainer experience is easier. In this particular case, the r and shell tools are clear and obvious in the text while the python tools are now obfuscated. I don't think that's particularly helpful to any learners that may be curious about the Python style tools.

Good luck teaching the workshop!

>   [ShellCheck(.net)](http://swcarpentry.github.io/shell-novice/guide/#teaching-notes),

Reviewer: Since ShellCheck doesn't appear to be a style guide, I think it is misleading to include it in this list.

Author: True, but this section is about "code style tools", not "style guides" ;-)

Reviewer 2: ShellCheck appears to be a debugger, not a code formatter/code style tool.

>   etc.) and note this in your project's ReadMe file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  etc.) and note this in your project's relevant documentation or ReadMe file.
```

Reviewer: I'm a little against putting a hard recommendation for learners to always put style enforcement in their readme. There are many ways a project can advertise what style they adhere to.
